Agent: Hi, this is your aganet Mae Yamada. Today’s date is February 6, 2007. The time is approximately 9:25 AM; that’s Pacific Time. Do you understand that this is being recorded and do I have your permission to do so?
Customer: Yes, ma’am.
Agent: Okay. Please state your full name.
Customer: Kenji Han.
Agent: Okay, Kenji Han. When was the date of loss?
Customer: What is…
Agent: When did the accident happen?
Customer: It was yesterday, the 5th of January.
Agent: Okay. About what time?
Customer: Let’s see. It was about… I want to say 9:30. I’m not exactly sure on that.
Agent: Is that…
Customer: I want to say around 9:30, guilt/ashamed.
Agent: AM, right?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: How was the weather at the time?
Customer: The weather was… It was a little bit brisk, a little bit cold, but besides that, I mean…
Agent: It wasn’t snowing or anything, right?
Customer: No. No snow.
Agent: Okay. What street were you on?
Customer: I was turning from the ___ Condominiums. I was turning from out of there, like exit or entrance to the main office because I just went there to see a friend, to actually take care of another, like article that they had put on my door, and I was leaving, so…
Agent: Okay. So, you were in the parking lot at the time. Were you pulling out to a main street, avenue?
Customer: Well, I was pulling out onto Denver Road, that’s…
Agent: Okay.
Customer: That’s right off, so…
Agent: Okay. So, tell me what happened once you stopped at the stop line or stoplight to pull out?
Customer: Okay. I was just stopped. Well, it’s not a stop sign, but I was just pulling out onto the Airport Road from the employee housing, so…
Agent: Okay. There is…
Customer: …on there, just stopped, getting ready to pull out left, and…
Agent: Okay. There’s no traffic device?
Customer: What’s that?
Agent: There’s no traffic device? There’s no light, no stop sign?
Customer: No, there’s not. There might be a stop sign, but I’m pretty sure there’s not because it’s just pulling out of like some apartments. I don’t know if that had a stop sign or not. But I was stopped regardless, I guess.
Agent: Okay.